.Dd $Mdocdate$
.Dt getpkd.conf 5
.Os 
.Sh NAME
.Nm getpkd.conf
.Nd getpk daemon configuration file
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm /etc/getpkd.conf
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Pp
The getpkd(8) daemon reads its configuration from the file 
.Ar /etc/getpkd.conf
(or the file specified on the command line with the -f option).
Lines starting with `#' are treated as comments.  Empty lines are
ignored.
.Pp
The file contains key/value pairs separated by `='.  Keywords are
case-insensitive, values are case-sensitive.  Values should not be
quoted.
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Cm CA_CERTPATH
Absolute path to the CA certificate used for TLS connections.
.It Cm IDLE_TIMEOUT
The maximum number of seconds after which an idle TCP connection to the
LDAP is terminated.  If 0, each new query initiates a new TCP connection
to the LDAP server, and the connection is closed after the LDAP search
completes.  If greater than 0, the TCP connection is not closed and will
be reused for additional queries until the connection is idle for the
length of this value.  The default value is 20 seconds. 
.Pp
If the LDAP server has a similar option, it is recommended that this
value be less than the server's value.
.It Cm IGNORE
An unquoted, comma separated list of usernames which will be ignored.  No LDAP
queries will be sent for usernames found in this list.
.It Cm LDAP_SEARCHBASE
Required. A string containing the base DN used for all LDAP search operations.
.It Cm NETWORK_TIMEOUT
Maximum number of seconds for a TCP handshake to complete before the
LDAP server will be designated as offline.  The default is 10 seconds.
.It Cm SCOPE
Scope of the LDAP search operation.  Possible values are either
ONELEVEL, SUBTREE, or CHILDREN. The default is ONELEVEL. 
.It Cm SEARCH_TIMELIMIT
Maximum number of seconds for the LDAP search to complete before the
server will be designated as offline.  The default is 10 seconds. 
.It Cm URI
Required.  A whitespace separated list of LDAP URIs in the form of
ldap://host1 ldap://host2, etc. Only port 389 is supported at this time.
(`ldaps://' is considered deprecated by OpenLDAP and is not supported by
getpkd(8))
.Pp
.Pp
The getpkd(8) daemon maintains state information on the availability of
the LDAP servers it has been configured to query.  If an LDAP server
goes offline, the daemon will redirect queries to the next server known
to be available.  Servers which are offline are periodically tested for
their status, and if found to be back online they will be returned to
the pool of available servers.
.It Cm USE_TLS
If ``yes'', all connections to the LDAP server are encrypted using
TLS.  Using TLS requires a value for the 
.Cm CA_CERTPATH
keyword.  If ``no'', connections are not encrypted.  The default is
``no''. 
.Sh NOTES
The getpkd(8) daemon will re-read
.Nm
when it receives a SIGHUP signal.
.Pp
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr getpk 8
.Xr getpkd 8
